chore(website): update design getting started page (#1751)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/getting-started/design/index.mdx

<content>

## Fonts

Fonts in Paste are preloaded into Figma so you don't have to worry about downloading or installing them.

### Fira Mono

> [Fira Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Mono?query=fira+mono) is a free Google font and our monospace typeface for code. If you are using <strong>any theme</strong> in Paste, you will need to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fira Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Mono?query=fira+mono) is a free Google font and our monospace typeface for code.
```

> [Fira Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Mono?query=fira+mono) is a free Google font and our monospace typeface for code. If you are using <strong>any theme</strong> in Paste, you will need to use it.

Reviewer: Can we do a similar rewrite for all of the typefaces, to remove the language around needing to download and install it?

Reviewer 2: oh nice! Didn't realize Google Fonts has the variable font now.

Reviewer 2: Might sound a little less like people need to do something in order to use the fonts if the sentences are reworded like:

> { font name } is used in { x } theme in Paste.

<content>

## Fonts

Fonts in Paste are preloaded into Figma so you don't have to worry about downloading or installing them.

### Fira Mono

[Fira Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Mono?query=fira+mono) is a free Google font and our monospace typeface for code. If you are using <strong>any theme</strong> in Paste, you will need to use it.

### SF Pro

[SF Pro](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/) is the system font for Apple platforms. We represent native web element styles (like option lists in [Select](/components/select/)) in our design assets in macOS styles. If you are using <strong>any theme</strong> in Paste, you will need to use it.

### Inter

[Inter](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Inter) is a free Google font and our typeface for UI text. If you are using the <strong>Default theme</strong> in Paste, you will need to use it.

### Whitney
  
If you are using the <strong>Console theme</strong> in Paste, you will need to download Whitney, which we use for UI text.

> Reach out to us in `#help-design-system` if you need access to the Whitney font files for your work.

Reviewer: I like the update that you made below that calls out that folks can ping us if they need Whitney to do any work outside of Figma (like opening up old Sketch files, which is the primary use case at this point).

<content>

> Paste supports Product Designers with tooling and assets that help them build customer UIs. 

Reviewer: This first line doesn't feel totally necessary - seems a little redundant with the line in the header

---

## Library updates

We release library updates continuously and use Figma’s version history to keep track.

We demarcate changes with hints which you can see in the description of each update:

- 🚀&nbsp;&nbsp;**New**: [summary of a new thing]
- ✨&nbsp;&nbsp;**Improved**: [summary of an improved thing]
- 🐛&nbsp;&nbsp;**Fixed**: [summary of a bug fix]
- ❗️&nbsp;&nbsp;**Breaking**: [summary of a breaking change]

---

## Fonts

Fonts in Paste are preloaded into Figma so you don't have to worry about downloading or installing them.

### Fira Mono

[Fira Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Mono?query=fira+mono) is a free Google font and our monospace typeface for code.
  
### Inter

[Inter](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Inter) is a free Google font and our typeface for UI text.

### SF Pro Text

[SF Pro Text](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/) is the system font for Apple platforms. We represent native web element styles (like option lists in [Select](/components/select/)) in our design assets in macOS styles.

### Whitney
  

> If you are using the <strong>Console theme</strong> in Paste, you will need to download Whitney, which we use for UI text.
> Reach out to us in `#help-design-system` if you need access to the Whitney font files for your work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Whitney](https://www.twilio.com/brand/elements/typography) is the Twilio brand typeface. Reach out to us in `#help-design-system` if you need access to the Whitney font files for work outside of Figma.
```

Reviewer 2: @katieporter ok to remove mention of the console theme here?

Reviewer: yes plz!
